*botNameRemover* (_Python_) -
Removes the botname of files in the format "botName.nameOfFile.extension" to
"nameOfFile.extension".

_Warning_: It will apply this transformation to all files in the folder.

Example of usage:

% python botNameRemover.py ~

*downloader* (_Python_) -

A simple command line downloader. Supports HTTP/FTP. For FTP there is a
prompt asking for a username/password which can be left blank for anonymous login.

Example of usage:

% python downloader.py ~ http://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.1.1/Python-3.1.1.tgz
    ftp://someserver.com/some-stuff.zip

*EVEMineralCost* (_Python_) -
EVE Online script to grab mineral prices from eve-central and calculate how much
 a certain quantity of minerals cost based on those prices. After the initial
execution the user will be prompted for amounts, leave blank for 0 quantity of
 the mineral.

Example of usage:

% python EVEMineralCost.py

*Image Organize* (_Python_) -

Organizes Images by resolutions. The way to define which resolutions
to sort is done by creating the folders previously with the name
"[width][sep][height]" (by default sep = 'x') the ones that do not fit these
resolutions will be sorted to "unsorted" folder (is automatically created if it
doesn't exist).

Example of usage:

% python WallpaperOrganize.py ~/Desktop/Wallpapers

Will transfer all the images by resolutions from ~/Desktop/Wallpapers to
~/Pictures/Wallpapers.

*Renamer* (_Java_) -

Useful for frame by frame animation. Renames image files in a folder to a
sequence as "project_0001.jpg" and so on.

Usage:

Double-click to Rename.
Right click to Preview.

Use the appropriate fields to change project name and counter.

A pre-compiled version can be found "here":http://bit.ly/renamer.

All the code in this repository is released under GPLv3.
For more information about GPLv3 please go "here":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
